WIP: Documentation Rewrite (v2) (#56)
buape/kiai-docs: content/voice-xp.mdx

---
title: Voice XP
description: Learn how to enable and configure Voice XP in Kiai.
---

# Voice XP

**Required Permissions:**  
Kiai must have **`View Channel`** and **`Connect`** permissions for the voice channel for this feature to work.

Voice XP settings can be found in `/settings > Voice XP`.

Kiai’s **Voice XP** feature allows members to earn XP by participating in voice channels.  

### How Voice XP Works

- A voice channel must meet the **minimum user count** configured in the settings to start awarding XP.  

> - Users only earn XP for **time spent unmuted** in the voice channel.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users only earn XP for **time spent unmuted and undeafened** in the voice channel.  
```

> - XP is **awarded when the user leaves** the voice channel.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- XP is awarded every 30 seconds while a user is in the channel.
```
